5/4/17 
Today, my goal is to research networking to learn more about what I can do for my project.
I did some research in networking using java for my project. Tomorrow, I need to do a little bit more research and get started with coding.

5/5/17
Today, I read about sockets in my networking research.
I will need to learn more information before I start coding.

5/8/17
Today, I learned some more about sockets and how they work in two way communication and networking. I updated the presentation with the new information I found.
Tomorrow, I will research endpoints and echoes and their function in communication  between two programs. I will use this to add to the presentation.

5/9/17
Today, I added more to the presentation with research.
Tomorrow, I will do research on how an IP address and port number functions in networking.

5/10/17
Today, I continued reading many new things on my topic, and working on the information for the presentation.
Tomorrow, I will add and edit finishing touches on what I have in the presentation.

5/11/17
Today, I added about endpoints to the presentation.
Tomorrow, I will need to finish up some parts of the presentation that I was unable to do today.

5/12/17
Today, I finished up the slides I have for the presentation, and read a lot on servers, sockets, and networks as well.
On Monday, I will begin coding.

5/15/17
Today, I read some more with articles on sockets. On the article, I used a piece of code that I found to test it out in eclipse. Nothing works yet, though.
Tomorrow, I will continue researching for examples online to try and test it out, in attempt to make some code work.

5/16/17
Today, I tested out the code for the client test and the server test to connect to each other and be able to have a conversation with my partner. I wasn't able to connect with my partner but the server and client were able to connect with each other.
I will need to try again, and on a different computer, to attempt to connect with my partner in the chat.

5/17/17
Today, we decided that I will do a login program for the chat that was created. I started coding some small aspects to it.
I will need to continue coding in the login program. I will use a program that was previously made and modify it.

5/22/17
Today, I worked on the login program. I mostly focused on making the window and making buttons in the window that give the user an option to register or log in to the chat.
Tomorrow, I will continue to work on this. I have decided to use an array list to store the data of the usernames and passwords so I will work on that when I have finished this part that I am doing right now.  
 